RFC: Custom Fetch Handler (#2)
braneproject/rfcs: text/0000-custom-fetch-handler.md

---
Status: Draft
Author: Hyeseong Kim <tim@daangn.com>
Start Date: 2023-04-03
RFC PR: (leave this empty)
Related Issues: (leave this empty)
---

# Custom Fetch Handler

## Summary

This proposes a way to customize the [Fetch API]'s behavior based on well-known Web APIs.

## Motivation

In the Brane Project, Non-same-origin requests should be checked on the host thread, but cannot be intercepted since they operate on different context. (every miniapps have its own context)

## Detailed design

To solve this problem, we need a way to delegate fetch requests to different contexts. It has a similar purpose to the [Service Worker's fetch handler], but it should be able to customize origin constraints.

> A custom fetch handler is basically a [ponyfill](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ponyfill) to servie worker. It has intentionally similar interface to it to get better interopability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom fetch handler is basically a [ponyfill](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ponyfill) to service worker. It has intentionally similar interface to it to get better interoperability.
```

saw a few typo
